fuckin'm transtelecom
Packing  I don't like it..
I tried to dye my hair and all i got was a blond chunk in the front middle part of my hair. Dang.
&quot;locked up abroad&quot; makes bein half brown good risk mgmt when travelin 3rd world. i blend. i feel sorry for my hostage magnet white pepo
My stomach is all EXPLODE from the wendys  why is everything that tastes good bad for you?
Did a historical Jesus ever exist? Im finding it hard to prove, its all hearsay accounts ... it bugs me ...
lost all my files since high school.
i hav a chance to win $10, $100, $1000.  i was given a free can of $ plant..have to wait till the plant grow to know if i won anythin!!?!
i never knew a dentention was so hard 2 get
stuck in stupid Jeuno with flag up.  Wish I was in Windy fishing
Confuzzled
The toaster oven was my fault. Now I'm going to look like an idiot in front of my father.
Shout out to my moms for wakin me up so prematurely! Preciate it
Stupid red hair is too difficult on the upkeep. Re-dyed it a more manageable brown-red. Boo
has a VERY arduous task to accomplish at work...stuff that should have already been done &amp; as usual it hasn't. Not because of me either.
studying for this bullshit econ test
Internet is painfully slow today
MOtherfuck QW
No gas PLUS no money = Desperation!!!
Very bad things.......I need to stop thinking!
It's so annoying when I want to go see The Sats, @OfficialJoBros and @ddlovato in concert..but I know I'LL Have to pay
i hella wanted a sausage mcmuffin but when i gt there breakfast was over
annoying
im writing an exam on a SATURDAY  that should be illegal  where's my weekend?
bout to go to work with a wicked sunburn on the chest.
Wow, I'm really bored... and pissed I left my library card when I had to take the Booky Wook back...
Grabbing a snack and a drink at chili's, but the power just went out. Before I got my food!
I want an invite - sick of seeing all these links for people playing and being left out
#thingsmummysaid my mummy told me she never wnted to be my mummy ever again  so i live wid my dad i think ?? it all confusing
Why do you not respond me?
Big Laptop is too big, so it's time to switch to the Eee.  Bye big guy
People at work are stressing me out.
Wish my headache/almost migraine would go away!
Gah, I sprained my LEFT ankle... Just after I got over the torn ligament for my right foot. Looks like it's back to walking with a cane
My throat is on fire
sam and sean are teasing me saying they are gonna get wings without me
never does  anything good school and rabbit it my life cycle dunno how to tune a giutar so i am stuffed
Gah! I left my glasses at work and reading is giving me a headache.  I can't believe how much I need them these days.  Old age.
UUUUUGH!!! I HATE I MISSED @WAYNEDASTAR INTERVIEW!!! I WASNT AT HOME!!! DARN!!!
Sitting in traffic while my car gets rained on. Just washed it on Sunday. Doesn't the weather know this is California?
finally home for once after a dope ass week
finally getting sleepy right when the sky brightens ... figures! G'nimorning
is downloading new fonts . again  http://plurk.com/p/rplkr
So, what's so great bout your so called 'wonderful love life'?  For god sake, W-A-T-E-V-A!
Monday...Funday!  Wake up people...and keep me awake please   Today is going to be a long one..I can already feel it. Eww
wakey wakey lemon shakeyyyy!  haha, goin' 2 schooliooo!  it's raining!! (ugh!) guess where I WISH I CAN BE RIGHT NOW....CaLiFoRNiA! ???
knows its all going to sort itself out
omg! goooood ass nappy nap  jusss woke up bout 2 clean up a lil then get ready
had a kickass day full of Seaworld, retarded 15 year old guys, and X-Men Origins. Win day?
OIL IS CHANGED!  And I am filthy.    But it's an accomplished filthy.
Just sittin here waitin for my coffee to be full grown on farm town before going to bed
my gawwddd ! 6 headshotss inna row? im on fyaaahhh!
I'm way to sleepy.. Ill watch my shows lata..Good nite twit-fam!.. God bless!..XoXo
I am angry
Terrorist, suicide, rape, terrorism, murder, death, cancer, killed, kill, died, torture, raped, deaths, arrested, killing, die, terror, jail, kills, war, murdered, killings, fatal, tortured, abused, sickness, failed, cry, cruel, violence, sadness, diseases, abuse, wars, evil, earthquake, depressing, poison, fail, disaster, bomb, tumors, poverty, headache, depression, criminal, punishment, killers, illness, disease, dead, slavery, sick, motherfucker, rejection, injury, destroyed, crying, violent, tragedy, slaves, slave, prison, hates, failure, fails, bankruptcy, virus, suffer, robbery, rejected, racist, dies, worst, pain, funeral, dying, heartbreak, unhappy, unemployment, sorrow, painful, hurts, hated, crimes, corruption, pollution, homeless, drowned, agony, tsunami, robbed, hurt, divorced, depressed, loser, crime, cried, suffering, injured.