i'm so tired,,,
Waiting in line @ tryst,,,
why did i agree to work a double shift,,,
is really, really bored... I guess I will go to bed,,
So deep its priecing my soul,,,
THIS TWITTER SHIT BORES ME, NOW I C Y I HAVEN'T BEEN ON HERE IN A MONTH,,
Not actually managed to purchase anything from the ovi store yet. Constant server error on check out,,,
Tweeting from the tarmac at Cork Airport. Delayed,,,
Feeling nauseous and can't sleep.,,,
Friday tubes at work are slow..,,,
omg i realy can't sleep ughh,,,
Gogol Bordello &lt; par.    Prolly not even in the top 10 of GB shows I've seen.   Perhaps some old fashioned Civilization II will help?,,,
is really ultra bored,,,
Last Chemistry lesson for this school year!  On a brighter note, my birthday will be sandwiched between two days in chemistry lab!,,
My brother just woke me up to help him with his homework. I'm not happy,,,
just woke up day off and need to go in to work that sucks. Also have to go dentist for filling at 12 then st helens for mri scan at 2,,,
Finishing the video. Fuck me, it's so long,,
don't know what to do today.  amazing weather and i'm sitting here, great.,,
fo shizzle. . . i'm bored and wanna go do something.  wish i went to pisay today. oh wellz. wonder who were there.,,,
Again documentation day,,,
why im not sleeping  !!,,,
i think that studying has really started taking its toll..,,,
im bored.. RC is goin maintenance,,,
I need something t do like hello... Im fucking bored now.  um... yeh...,,,
is boiling in the office, air con any1 ?,,
Cleaning the old apartment today. Yay...,,,
in math class waiting for lunchhhhhhhh. seniors are done in fifteen minutes,,,
trying to finish my ass-ignment.please god help me to finish it,,,
nomatter how much i sleep am still tired,,,
bored...disgusting weather..bored..sooo bored for my last weekend here,,,
i dislike math, but math HATES me,,
Ok super bored... guess no one else it,,,
I am sooooooo bored in textiles !,,,
Moving in the rain is not fun. Last day in the Hamptons,,,
this weekends abouttttto SUCK,,,
at work getting a quick bite to eat before having to kill my wrist self addressing 500 envolopes,,,
Youtube isn't working...and I wanted to watch Britains Got Talent.  I'm debating about having a pity party.,,,
Its seriously quiet and lonely here without Bunny,,,
Just got home from the bank, the teller was definitely hitting on me. Not interested.,,
The gigantic initial inertial to get oneself to work after a deadline,,,
Spent too much today!!! Tube journeys always take soo long. Braces on thursdayyy,,,
I want to go to my home!!! D: I don't like stay in the work all alone,,,
Can't believe how gorgeous the weather has been today &amp; I've had to spend it at work!,,,
BORED.  would love someone to talk to.,,,
is bored. my BFF doesn't want to hang out,,,
i'm so tired  of being sick ALL the time!!!!,,,
Have I mentioned this bus was sloooow? on it for about one hour now,,,
Not really feeling like my man cherishes me  wtf ! http://myloc.me/1ZLt,,,
ok its been one hour im still waiting im losing my patience,,,
I totally want some white chocolate macadamia cookies from Mrs. Fields but the mall is soooo far away. Bleh  i think I'll make my own,,,
Just woke up and feels so damn lazy  time to work out damnit!,,,
Wow, kinda bothered that Jon is doing deposits now.  Apparently he keeps getting fucked out of times, but deposits are SO hard for me,
grumble..weather man.. don't know wtf they are talkin about.,,,
bored. tired got headache,,,
On a 10min brake. At wrrkk ... its 11:06 and its over at. 11:16,,,
jus sittin in da libray and this stupid computer wont let me order any mac foundation,,,
bored out of my mind,,,
I feel like I have to throw up.,,,
fml. forgot alli's dance recital is tonight. now i'm stuck talking to munchkins all night instead of being at devon's bonfire. :/,,,
Eastenders is always so grim,,,
At every gas station, I look for postcards for @Zomuu22  No luck.,,
sitting next to bed. cannot lay down because iPhone charging cable is too short.,,,
it's realy boo0o0o0o00oring ..my book is on the side &amp; i'm not studyin for sure...,,,
i don't know what to do... time is going by so fast.,,,
sitting at the chevy dealership in utah waiting for the van to be fixed,,,
Im bored   -musiic[BOX],,,
I have to give up my beloved Red Sox tickets!! Argh! Meeting was just scheduled in CA...,,,
at home and sick    http://yfrog.com/17zw1j,,,
Ditto that, my friend...BORED! Oops, now I have an exciting problem,
Steve Aoki  sorry. May b nxt time.,,,
Sitting in the tax collectors office.    Getting ready to write a check.,,,
Bad week for connectivity...Arlington Panera wifi sucks. Maybe head to Legal Seafoods at airport. Dang...missing Metaverse U stream.,,,
Very bored. All day, no one 2 talk 2. Missing my BF (and his kisses). Hols almost over,  don't wanna go back 2 skool.,
is stuck in traffic,,,
Man i am being boring today not tweeting  How are you guys?,,,
bored , cleanin the house,,
ya know why today sucks? its been raining, we have no $, &amp; no possibility of a magic friday.  so whats goin down tonight?,
oh no, i need new work shoes...i broke this one!,,
is tired. 04:30 alarm setting will do that  Off to bed as soon as my bloody iPhone Backup and Sync finishes.,,,
even though it's only 7am on Saturday morning, it feels like the weekend is already over. btw I'm awake because I had a bad dream..,,
Ugh... Waiting.... Interminable...,,,
Mikey I'm bored,,,
Dead stopped in the express lane. This would happen when I choose to take it. No way out now. Ugh. Hopefully this gets moving,,,
have to go meet tims entiiiiire family in an hour, this should be different.. finishing getting ready then wake ; feel like shit still,,
Ahhhhh processing shipment  sooooooo much!!!!!,,,
Going crazy  super head ach from hell and my the in laws have ben here since 9 this morning. ahhhh,,,
my brother left me for the day now I am here by myself,,,
Facebook won't load for me.  Damn it, I'm bored.,,
TGIF... Hubby dragged me out to buy car parts. I am tired n cranky,,,
J Ross you can't leave the killers still singing and run the titles - you should have been edited out for more music - happy - not,,,
my neighbours are far too loud in thier back garden, all I can hear is this loud woman that won't stop laughing,,
We are on the slowest train ever, it stops everywhere. Missed a quick train by a few minutes,,
tired as fuck. it's pissing down with rain. i miss summer,,,
is not liking the online livebox right now. Internet is dead.,,,
Just got home from the BEA &amp; it was kinda boring (2 me) this year  but hung out with some GREAT authors &amp; co-workers!,,,
bored fixed the internet for my dad but now im bored to death,,,
longest flight EVER. not particularly unpleasant or uncomfortable, just really really long,,
waiting to go to the movies later for my 6th month. booored.,,,
ugh lost the remote  gotta actually move to change channel wtf #twat,,,
Is still stuck in the office working!,,,
Just started feeling bad again  ugh. I hate it when I don't feel good!!,,,
Cleaning the House! Im so boring..,,,
Not gonna lie, i'm going to miss high school lunches. A lot. Damn.,,
I'm so tired. I don't get how I am. I sat on the lawn mower and didn't push the whole damn thing.,,,
aw now where's that little asian girl who runs round pooping her pants in public? i miss laughing at her.,,,
got new sneaks today..can't wait to break them in..stupid rain,,,
I need to go ouuut. I'm so bored.,,,
Waiting for the dang pizza to cook. It's almost 9 and we still have not eaten wifey fail. Did I mention I feel like crap,,,
1-Pendulum = awesome! 2-Goodbyes suck  3-Shut up plz. 4-Toy Story 3!!  5-JB 3D MOVIE 2MORO! 6-I'm tired. 7-Aaaand I'm out.,,,
#todo Cleaning the Apartment - again - who keeps making this mess? oh yeah .. me. $10 + hug for the person to help come clean,,,
doing my folio work but keep on getting distracted by deb pics,,,
#com125: we have a quiz! again .. Feliza is bugging us again  its getting very annoying!,,,
HEY YOU' ALL SUCK;its anybody on there :s im so bored common answear me,,,
counting the minutes until I can go home,,,
Stuck on NJ Transit for the past twenty minutes. Great way to start the week,,,
reeeejuvinated  and bored as hell.,,,
Good Morning twitters!!! I am soooo tired...I really need 2 stay off of twitter...LOL this shit is taking over my life...LOL,,,
I'm SUPER tired and probably could sleep ALL day BUT I work 12:30 to 9:30 today in Tool Rental... Oh the Joy!!,,,
i have been in the lounge for HOURS...and i have not been productive at all. upps time to go out,,,
I'm my mom's company picnic at a Lake Elsinore Storm game. Oh the things we do to please moms,,,
Nothing to do. Just sitting here. I can see Mrs. P and her husband,,,
should probably do some house work  for my mummy think id better. would cook dinner but im a shit cook lol xx,,,
Time to get off the puter. Nite all.,,,
Listening to maylene and wondering why cant I pull off as many cool southern metal licks as them,,,
Nothing relaxing on a Saturday night!,,,
I think I might have to call it a night. Getting that falling feeling, need to fall into bed. Night, night, tweople!
(@Pina) i dont know why i follow sme of the ppl that i do... they e anoying and boring. * note to self -unfollow peeps on monday morning,,,
today was boring...harry potter ftw,,,
Prom is so over rated!! Irritated... Going to bed goodnight,,,
1:36 AM screw it im going to bed... one love,,,
Watching mens volleyball on TV.  For some reason its not as good as womens beach volleyball.  Cant quite place why,,,
just finished some Sunday cleaning, waiting to read the next chapter of Kiyosaki's book so i can hit a cleaner,,
the pool drowned me in boredom .
I am so bored