Wondering why I'm awake at 7am,writing a new song,plotting my evil secret plots muahahaha...oh damn
hi from chile!!! It's 9 deg C  winter's coming....cant wait for cali sun.,,,,
Bought some little plastic personal wine bottles at Jewel, perfect for rooftop boozin'! Wish I didn't have to wait so long!,,,
The nocturnal serendipity... Kashmir is an important means to that end...,,,,
poker night instead of kate voegele.... i guess it'll do....,,,,
i want to go out tonight, but i ain't go no money and no one to go with   any takers???,,,
the good thing of having a fever is feeling cold, especially in such hot weather. I think I'm hallucinating lol  .,,,
they were actually there omg apparently a relative of marc went to my school lol,,,
I haven't gone sheesha smoking in a loooong time  Maybe tomorrow? &gt; *starts planning*,,,,
I'll go now.I'll watch teen nick!,,,,
yeah so Prom Night is now the Craft (good movie),,,,
Kicking like crazy.,,,,
Getting my self a nice cup of tea and turn on some music,,,,
Built a mini CDN over the past few days.. only has 3 locations (AU, EU, US) but it has GeoIP - quite fun to meddle with,,
at school... can't wait to get  out of here today...get my tattoo at 3,
flirt
Mmmm holiday commercials really ARE nice,,,,
finishing up at the studio  NEW SONGS UP ON MYSPACE tomorrow MAY 5th,,,,
We'll write a song that turns out the lights &lt;3,,,,
i'm yours.  hahahaha jason mraz &lt;3 lol,,,,
Morning Twitterland! Countdown to TCI begins again... Will get through Monday to Wed. knowing that I'm outta here on Thursday! Woo hoo!,,,,
I'm going to school...JOY! :/ 7:20 am! I've got to go!  BYE!,,,,
gonna be a longg day but fun - senior walk finally,,,,
Woo - got a fast mobile broadband connection now,,,,
back from my nice hot shower      i am wishing that brent was my older brother,,,,
party
Doing make up for the school musical this week aaah,,,,
I don't like Monday, i wish it were sunday, cause that's my fun day.&quot;  that was my freaking jam when i was little.   i miss it.,,
Come on all you lovely fans Number 14 in the Local pop Charts  Let launch an assault on the number 1 slot!!! www,reverbnation.com/suki ...,,,
tiny PhD's will do, because those bigger than me keep taunting me,,,
Yea running on 3 hours. Lets do this test,,,,
haha May the 4th be with you! Happy Star Wars Day!,,,,
bahaha loving @rachmurrayX  twitter to me last night. DRUNK.  lol,,,,
had an eventful weekend and nice week off, looking forward to a final chill out day,,,
Richelle Mead - Succubus Blues-fabulous read! very entertaining, lots of fun and interesting too!! next please..,,,
Is getting her new double yellow volkswagen beetle.  happy star wars day.,,,,
working from home office today and catching up on everything except twitter,,,,
One new follower,,,,
Back to work!  How you doin?,,,,
'Look at the tadpole'... 'No! ... Look at me!!!' ... Foolish dog  http://yfrog.com/05ixbj,,,,
is going out for dinner... just the two of us... niceeeee,,,,
making some beats,,,,
A Don't Stop Believing remix? Sure, why not?  Sacrilege   ? http://blip.fm/~5jkpz,,,
Monday mornings couldn't exist if it weren't for some hot tea.,,,,
Funniest desktop ever: http://mobypicture.com/?ee2ij3 this way I can see my collegue.,,,,
Recording an acoustic track! For you sexy kids!,,,,
Good morning, everyone!  Just finished breakfast, and getting ready to see what this wonderful day has in store for me!,,
mufasa!!!! warriors or the OCEAN!  hahahahahaha,,,,
waiting for hubby...wake up!!  had entirely too much fun wit tha seester last night,,,,
Sitting with sabbeth in first period.  buhahaha we are so cool -sabbeth lmao,,,,
2 more days before the big conference: Central-Eastern Europe &amp; Caspian Scout Group Meeting... it is almost too long for twitter,,,,
hanging out in myrtle beach as a married man,,,,
omg J.O.N.A.S. is my new fave show &lt;3 one guess as to why hahahha,,,,
hm, what to do... a bit of work, a bit of fun ...,,
Morning &amp; welcome new followers! I tweet business &amp; pleasure so just fair warning,,,,
its gonna be a great week! dallas next weekend!!!,,,,
Presentation - done! And btw: my teacher is cute as hell,
mhmm idk i thought of just showing up and freaking ppl out hehe...but yeah i TOTALLY understand if it is just for u guys  VN sounds cool!!,,,,
wooo...my luck is done,,,,
I'm going to try &amp; get some sleep. I got work mostly all day &amp; I'm training for bakery also. Glammyyy crocker on deck. Lmao. Text or call,,,,
Didn't meet Rosie O Donnell but it was still a fun night,,,,
wants @jubliantJO to come back online so that he can talk about all the gossip and horrible things which transpired today.,,,,
just got out of the pool!!   so fun..now gonna watch tv and do stuff on the computer. (:,,,,
Goodnight. Actually, great night. Seeing Daniel tomorrow!,,,
I miss @lavren cant wait until June for HIL HANGZ~ Tonight was sososo good,,,,
I forgot I set my iTunes to display by play count last night. I didn't understand why Taylor Swift was in front of Belinda. Haha.,,,,
I'm not going to lie, I'm loving the Ace of Cakes  wooop! LOST!,,,
hanging with amber.,,,,
Throwin' down in the kitchen like I do  making Rah's illi Chili and Shalonda's Bangin Cake,,,,
can't wait to watch the next season of heroes,,,,
&quot;i hear its wonderful in california.&quot;,,,,
&quot;I want you in my mouth and my butthole b!tch&quot; mm jeffree rawks,,,,
Enjoyed Star Trek... More please,,,,
Cleaning my roooooooooom, about to continue playing with my DSI,,,
Everyone At My Place Tomorrow  Bonfire, Tofu Dogs, And Austin Powers.,,
having coffee with bread. peanut butter today!,,,,
Sunday my last day at apple but I won't be in. Come kick it with me at El FAROLITO 4817 mission street @ 730pm,,,,
Awake, man, i need to go to sleep, i gots to wake up early for church tomorow.,
perkinz..  idk wat after dat tho. maybe sum SEX. lol,,,,
P9 for Danica and your team... Not the end of the world, now is just hopes for a great race,,,
Come on Vancouver. Throwing stuff onto the ice? I thought you Canucks were supposed to be all polite and stuff?,,,,
off to bed, I will have pics of the newly finished hat in the afternoon! yea its all done  Night yall!,,,
Landon now announces, &quot;Big poopy coming!&quot; every time. I'm just waiting for him to yell that in a store for the first time,,,
i look like a horse in my sam's club card picture because i couldn't find my hair brush. hahaha possibly getting noah tomorrow,,,,
Playing cards with my niece.,,,,
In weho! They're are playing a lot of brit,,,,
i want to sleep XD !!!! but i have a song in my head that make me crazy and dont know if i write the song or not hahhaha,,,,
I promised to update my twitter every now and then. LOL Greet your mom by simply saying YOUR HOT,,,,
Friends are gone. Sushi, movies, laughter. Just what I needed. FUN!,,
{cont} that right their is why fake btches shouldnt mess with Real ones... ahhh I love it Real btches excite me,,,,
i wanna watch tormented. it's showing on May 22,,,,
is having awesome fruits and vegetable juice at the opening of Lam's noodles at 8@tradehub21
WHOA! Twilight the board game! AAAHAHA,,,,
FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone,,,,
Waiting to go to bed. Had a great weekend,,,,
That was a fun show. Grabbing a bite to eat now.,,,,
They never cease to amaze me.,,,,
We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off,,,
I love ridding in this weather,,,,
Is one bar two of the pub crawl... Gonn be a long night,,,,
Years ago when my neighbor told me she went to school with Sharkboy I didnt care...Too Bad, bcuz now Taylor Lautner is a little hottie!!,,,
Jeff &amp; I are looking for long lasting love! Just not with each other we both like Men,,,,
Perhaps the answers to all my questions, lie in the deep waves of the ocean. Beach trip anyone!?,,,
I'm enjoying this Sunday very much. No parents. No revision. Just like any other Sunday,,,,
is getting ready for bed. Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there!,,,,
BEP KILLED IT! Oh and leighton meester waved at us!,,,,
Did you know call of duty has a scenario game called &quot;Nazi zombies?&quot; it's awesome and scary at the same time,,,,
just got home from church. The Service was good,,,,
I think Destiny has officially gone crazy... hahahaha,,,,
excited to see my cousins this week.,,,,
george lopez, bed, mommys day tomorrow ;)  i wish house was on Hugh Laurie, is sexay. sometimes i like way older guys.,
says morning plurk  just woke up. haha http://plurk.com/p/supwp,,,,
is singing in the rain. Cover your ears, people,,,
Going to Newtown soon. (Y),,,,
damn...Ive gotten so much packed up already lmao, well little shit anyway. Either way, I have a good start,,
Going to watch Monster-In-Law at 3PM today,,,,
Just burped at the same exact time as Steph LMFA0,,,,
Watching videos on youtube with the bf.  Thinking about going to bed soon.,,,,
my sidekick is awkward flashing. oh well. leaving my mommy out her flowers and stuff,,,,
Six flags was awesome can't wait to go back,,,,
homee from wango tango, i had fun  really tired now. wrapping moms present and passing out.
Dancing in the rain makes of complete,,,,
Reminiscing my old days by listening to old music.,,,,
fun
Thinkin' Twitter is interesting.,,,,
Just for fun: Jessica Alba weekly Twitter follower count: 35,138 (+5,468). This is starting to look like a movement.
slept for 11 hours after an exhausting but a fun fun out of town trip. high for the day so far? woke up to good ol' fried chicken,,,,
still awake.. will get some sleep i have to drive to Fortuna early.. Red Bull will guide me,,,,
i have a whole day planned for my mom today that i know she will love!,,,,
finally gonna get sum sleep  that concert was crazy!!! God Bless those ministers!!!,,,,
Ive been passed out drunk for the passed couple of hours.  Good to go now,,,,
assumes it wasnt so taboo to start an email with &quot;LOL&quot; considering that the reply it got started with I love the internet!,,,,
Hey cool:
Just got off the phone with lainey the love of my life  . . . Now im taken a crap,,,,
IS PHONE FUCKING WITH TYSON,,,,
Had fun early night Vegas because Pool tomorrow,,,,
I want some candy!!!,,,,
This is the earliest I've been up for ages! Body is crying to go back to sleep... Must resist! A shower should do the trick,,,,
that boy over there is something worth admiring,,,,
This morning is for smiling smugly to oneself. Anyone can join in,,,,
Alright, I think it's time for bed...even though I'll probably surf the net for another hour before I go to sleep lol! Goodnight,,,
Hence the smiley face.  ha ha ha ha. Lol yeah i'm hong to be tired as fuck tomorrow. But guess what i do not care.,,,,
Is pretty hammered drunk! Props to me! Two nights in a row!!!,,,,
better get to sleep, dodger game/mothers day 2maro  ewl i have to wake up at 8!,,,
Thank you OpenDNS for saving me from Comcast's crappy DNS server. My internet is back up to par finally.,,,,
Wrestlefest was fun! Now tune into www.latalkradio.com from 2-3 sunday and chat with me,,,,
It's not my best writing, well i don't think. LOL
Just got back from Kuantan Ha
good morning/midday nation!  FORMULA ONE IN ONE HOUR!,,,,
play
sport
wheeze